All right, so let's continue with her application.
So we implemented the update feature as well so we can update the post, which we tried in the previous
lecture.
All posts we have on the post we can delete and actually try one more time.
And then I'm going to work on these features.
Now, we pretty much done with post and categories, which is the core feature of the CMS.
So we have done all that we can to move on to these other features.
So work on the media, which is very easy because we already have the components, so we just bring
them and just put them here.
So that's easy.
Next, we're going to move on to users.
So admin will be able to create user object delete user.
This profile will be used for anyone who was logged in.
You will be able to update its profile, upload a featured image, and then some more topics.
And then finally, we should create more pages based on the role of see if the role is also, then he
will be able to do certain things.
So and you know, there's a bit to do, but we have done quite a lot already.
So let me try just one more post, because last time I
recorded the video, that was almost a week ago.
So let me just do the one that I did post is now working.
Featured images.
I'm just going to pick one existing one.
Let me pick.
I guess it absolutely promise.
All right, great.
Let's go and have a look.
So it's here.
All right.
So let me go ahead and try to update.
Okay.
Update to.
AT&T.
It's updating.
No delete.
It's gone.
Beautiful.
So far, it's working.
Good.
Now let's move on to these phases.
So we have the media library and help me.
Now, basically, they're saying we already using them when we're creating a post.
Right.
So in recruiter post we have access to the library.
So this is the library.
So we have all the photos there.
We can multiple upload here, drag and drop.
So that will be the library and the add new will be this component.
So you can see these two components, basically these two components we want to show you and that is
it.
All right.
So let's move on.
Let's start from this one to add new.
So at the moment we don't have the base.
Let's go ahead and create a base for admin media new.
So I mean instead admin put a new folder media create a new file new
and then multicoloured another file for the library, I guess a media.
Another one called library.
I guess so.
Here, let's create a basic.
Base for that one.
We should use the admin drought so we can create one.
We can use an existing road.
For example, this one you can see Edmond's index.
There's nothing here.
So let's just use this one.
Go to new best here.
I guess so.
First, let's change this to new media.
To the name.
New media.
So we have the admin layout that is one step inside this folder.
So I guess I may have to go one step up.
Okay.
So we got admin layout.
This layout winner using that.
Oh yeah.
We use content in slightly distracting.
Um, content and slide is not actually being used to just that.
Remove that.
Okay, so we got this from the content now.
And of that content I want to show the media.
Right.
So here I actually need the columns in rules.
So let's import import rule and called from and.
Negative and then we can use here will grow into a group created column spend 24 year we can create
column that takes full width and inside here we let's create a deal.
It's called divide and it said this time we can put that component so that one will be media upload
file.
So we import that.
So we go one step up to the step of.
So from here, one step, two steps, three step components, media
upload five and we put that here.
We use that abroad file.
And let's have a look and see how this works.
All right, so we've got that.
That's nice.
Now, since we don't have anything else here, since maybe we went to the some put somewhere in the
center of the business.
So let's use some styling, give some penny stock betting, and it's 500.
And text around center.
All right.
So that's.
That's good.
All right, so let's try it.
Now, obviously, it works because we already know these components for uploading media works.
The only thing we did here is we are using it in this different base.
However, the way it works is simple.
So it's going to abroad, send the photo to the back in back and will upload to a cloud near.
We get the URL and that media with that here will be saved in the database.
Right.
So sent.
Now the thing is we may have to do one more thing is that is when the upload finished, what do we do
right.
So here we're not actually creating any post or anything.
So to be honest, we may not even need to.
So this.
This one is not really important here, to be honest.
But let's add anyway, because that's how the word we've is, that's how they work.
So we trying to build something seamlessly.
It's just continue these images I have.
I think I have two new images.
Let me just try one or.
All right, this one, and let's try putting this one.
Okay.
So it has been uploaded successfully.
Now you can leave the user to this piece if you want to return them to some other ways you can.
For example, when they finish uploading, maybe you want to redirect them to library so that they will
be able to see all the existing photos as well as this newly updated one.
So you can do that.
So if you want to redirect when the upload finished, then you can pass some kind of the prop called
redirect and then redirect library or something like that.
And if that property is received in this component, then you will redirect to library.
All right.
So let's let's try that.
So when the upload is done, we want to read it, redirect them to library.
Right.
So let's pass this prompt redirect to the library.
Okay.
So we passing this props to this upload file component.
So let's go ahead, try to use this upload file redirect library.
So we see that property structure and then we have this function here.
So when the upload is done, we are putting this image to the media context.
We are showing the misses.
Now one more thing we want to do, and that is redirect the user, right?
So we can do that here.
If redirect to library.
So if we have that props, I guess if by the way you can give this product a default value as well.
So let's quickly do that so you can give a default value on false.
So by default you will not redirect is always false.
It's a default value.
However, if this prop received some value other than this one, then that will be used.
All right.
So this is the default.
Well, by default it's false.
We're not redirecting, but if the value we receive as props, which is true and that that's what's
happening in we sending the value true.
So if that is received only then it will work.
Okay.
So if that is true.
Yeah, if that is true, we want to redirect to library so we can use Roger
Urban to push to add means less needs less library.
All right.
Now let's make sure we have real.
We don't.
I guess it's important for you wrote a book for Next Run and to use that.
Controller equals to use row, and then we can use that rather.
Felt a push to push for you to their face.
Okay.
So with that change, let's turn back to previously we uploaded and we just got the message here.
Nothing happened.
We were not redirected.
But now let me try uploading the images.
Now this time we should get redirect.
You can see we have been redirected.
Now, of course, this place doesn't exist.
So we get this error, but obviously we're going to create the space.
So we have created the space in.
It's for.